--------------------------------------------------------------------
             The Pascal Server Pages License, version 1.0
  Copyright (C) 2003-2004 by Pascal Server Pages development team.
--------------------------------------------------------------------

                     1. DISTRIBUTION AND WARRANTY.

 Pascal Server Pages ("the product" in the following) is a free 
software product. It comes free for personal and business use but
absolutely NO WARRANTY.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE  DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
USE, DATA, OR  PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED
AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

 The product can be used in direct way as web programming tool
in personal or commercial purpose without any limits. The product
can not be distributed for profit without agreement of Pascal
Server Pages development team in written form.

                          2. SOURCE COPYING.

 The product source code copyrights belong to its authors. The
product sources can not be used in commercial purpose if it is not
connected with direct Pascal Server Pages usage besides cases of
code authors agreement.
 Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
acknowledgment:
 "This product includes Pascal Server Pages, freely available from
<http://www.psp.furtopia.org>".

                     3. MODIFYING AND DEVELOPMENT.

 The product can be modified in any special purpose but the
modifications can not be published without knowledge of Pascal
Server Pages development team. Product development is centralized
to avoid appearances of product clones or misunderstandings.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

 This product was developed for use with Free Pascal Compiler,
protected by GNU General Public License and freely available from
<http://www.freepascal.org>.

 Pascal Server Pages development team can be contacted via e-mail
at psp-mail@bk.ru.

 For more information on Pascal Server Pages please see the product
documentation or visit <http://www.psp.furtopia.org>.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Vladimir Sibirov, Pascal Server Pages development team leader.

[23 June 2004].